Add relative asteroid damage (#6862)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/tooltips.txt

	`Each shot fired by this weapon does this amount of shield damage as a percentage of the target ship's total shields.`

tip "% hull damage / shot:"

> 	`Each shot fired by this weapon does this amount of hull damage as a percentage of the target ship or asteroid's total hull.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`Each shot fired by this weapon does this amount of hull damage as a percentage of the target's total hull.`
```
Maybe? Idk.

Reviewer 2: Feels weird to say an asteroid even has a hull.  Just because we're reusing the ship hull mechanic for asteroid health does not mean the player needs to be exposed to that.

Author: I'm trying to keep it consistant with the normal asteroid damage and derpy suggested mentioning damage to asteroids in the hull damage tooltip.

So I think we need a better wording rather than just leaving it or a straight revert

Author: I've done a re-wording myself, so I'll "resolve" this for now.

tip "% asteroid damage / shot:"

> 	`Each shot fired by this weapon does this amount of asteroid damage as a percentage of the target asteroid's total health, in lieu of relative hull damage being used.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`Each shot fired by this weapon does this amount of damage as a percentage of the target asteroid's total health, in lieu of relative hull damage being used.`
```

Sounds better idk. What do you think?

Author: Yh, sounds much better, I'll commit the suggestion.
